Create monitor-newrelic-integration.md (#12706)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/monitor-newrelic-integration.md

> ---

Author: done

title: Integrate TiDB Cloud with New Relic
summary: Learn how to monitor your TiDB cluster with the New Relic integration.
---

# Integrate TiDB Cloud with New Relic

You can configure TiDB Cloud to send metric data about your TiDB clusters to [New Relic](https://newrelic.com/). After that, you can view these metrics in your New Relic dashboards directly.

## Prerequisites

- To integrate TiDB Cloud with New Relic, you must have a New Relic account and a [New Relic API key](https://one.newrelic.com/admin-portal/api-keys/home?). New Relic grants you an API key when you first create a New Relic account.

>     If you do not have a New Relic account, sign up at [https://app.datadoghq.com/signup](https://newrelic.com/signup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you do not have a New Relic account, sign up [here](https://newrelic.com/signup).
```
